README.md, before:

# Home Service Robot Project

For this setup, catkin_ws is the name of the active ROS workspace. If your workspace name is different, change the commands accordingly.

If you do not have an active ROS workspace, you can create one by:

```sh
mkdir -p ~/catkin_ws/src
cd ~/catkin_ws
catkin_make
source devel/setup.bash
```

Clone the required repositories to the `~/catkin_ws/src` folder. Note that this repository already includes official ROS packages compatible with the custom packages built by the author: [gmapping](https://github.com/ros-perception/slam_gmapping), [turtlebot_teleop](http://wiki.ros.org/turtlebot_teleop), [turtlebot_rviz_launchers](https://github.com/turtlebot/turtlebot_interactions), and [turtlebot_gazebo](https://github.com/turtlebot/turtlebot_simulator). Their dependencies must be installed to succesfully use this repository.

```sh
cd ~/catkin_ws/src
git clone https://github.com/kevinfructuoso/home-service-bot.git
rosdep -i install gmapping -y
rosdep -i install turtlebot_teleop -y
rosdep -i install turtlebot_rviz_launchers -y
rosdep -i install turtlebot_gazebo -y
cd ~/catkin_ws
catkin_make
```

Commit message:

chore: push project progress - create project world, SLAM bash script, and add custom robot for future integration with project

README.md, after:

# Home Service Robot Project

For this setup, catkin_ws is the name of the active ROS workspace. If your workspace name is different, change the commands accordingly.

If you do not have an active ROS workspace, you can create one by:

```sh
mkdir -p ~/catkin_ws/src
cd ~/catkin_ws
catkin_make
source devel/setup.bash
```

Clone the required repositories to the `~/catkin_ws/src` folder. Note that this repository already includes official ROS packages compatible with the custom package ([slam_bot](https://github.com/kevinfructuoso/slam_bot)) built by the author: [gmapping](https://github.com/ros-perception/slam_gmapping), [turtlebot_teleop](http://wiki.ros.org/turtlebot_teleop), [turtlebot_rviz_launchers](https://github.com/turtlebot/turtlebot_interactions), and [turtlebot_gazebo](https://github.com/turtlebot/turtlebot_simulator). Their dependencies must be installed to succesfully use this repository.

```sh
cd ~/catkin_ws/src
git clone https://github.com/kevinfructuoso/home-service-bot.git
rosdep -i install gmapping -y
rosdep -i install turtlebot_teleop -y
rosdep -i install turtlebot_rviz_launchers -y
rosdep -i install turtlebot_gazebo -y
rosdep -i install slam_bot -y
rosdep -i install rtabmap_ros -y
cd ~/catkin_ws
catkin_make
```

If necessary, follow the steps to properly setup and build RTAB-map from source using this [link](https://github.com/introlab/rtabmap_ros).
